The following answers covers both A and B. Since we made the solution in one go (keeping in mind the two requirements).

The breif walkthrough of our solution is found in the "feedback.txt" file.

Is your system:
a publish/subscribe system?
... a message Queue?
... a structured P2P system?
... an unstructured P2P system?
... a distributed set implementation?
... a distributed hash table implementation?

Our system is an unstructured P2P system. Data is shared between clients connected to each other in the system, and
others can fetch specific data from the network if a client has the data.
It is not structered since there is no control imposed on the network in its entirerity. It uses a distributed set
implementation, since all nodes, that are connected, share the same data in the network.
It could have implemented as centralised P2P solution, with a "server" knowing all the nodes in the system, and having
a centralised data set that all the nodes could share.

What is the average-case, best-case, and worst-case space consumed at each Node?

We understand this question as a question about the amount of space used for each node in order to save the messages.

Average-case: n/a
Best-case: No one uses the network - if theres is no data to be saved, there is no space consumed.
Worst-case: If that HashMap at the given node gets a lot of data. One could imagine that the HashMaps has an upper limit for the amount of data.

What is the average-case, best-case and worst-case number and size of messages being sent as a result of
A PUT message from a client:

Best-case: There is only 1 node in the network. Therefore it is only required to connect to this node, and store the data. This takes 5 messages (this include creating socket connections and standard I/O)
Average-case: There is a amount of nodes in the network, and for each of these nodes 5 messages is required.
Worst-case: I have a lot of nodes (imagine on a wire). If I PUT to the one in the middle, I have to ripple the sent data both ways on the wire. This would again require 5 messages pr. node.

A successful GET message from a client (that is, a value is found and sent back.)
Our current implementation of GET, contacts a node and the node responds whether the key is found. This operation only requires 5 messages (this include creating socket connections and standard I/O) at any given point.

An unsuccessful GET message from a client (that is, no value is found.)
Read the above.

Based on 2 and 3, write a paragraph or two on the current scalability of your system.
Since we just put data into a HashMap, our system does not scale really well looking at space consumption. All our nodes have a copy of the HashMap, and therefore they all require this amount of space.
Furthermore its not possible to remove data from our HashMaps (or overwrite), which means that ALL data stays in the system, until a node terminates.

Based on 2, 3 and 4, give suggestions for improving the scalability of your system.
One could imagine a solution where the HashMaps actually were shared across Nodes, and not stored at each node. One could imagine a solution where no datastructure was used: Instead of storing data at nodes,
the data would only be immidiately forwarded to the GET clients, when a PUT client actually sent data (sort of a publish/subscribe system).

Rasmus Løbner Christensen & Ahmed Al Aqtash.
